Debbie angelcc we work
with lgbtq on business is
not just here in the United States but Italy said we're celebrating tried all over the world
and well unfortunately we were sore
start spending pride inside this year
and actually meant that we were closer than ever to our siblings around the world
because we remove physical
barriers and opened up a new virtual
Pathways to learning to sharing it
experiences so as we were living through this new paradigm we were
matching lgbt-owned video production companies
with graphic designers with swag printers
with all of them in person event
and created the spoon
Paradigm of digital virtual
lgbtq
celebration has so many of them on
the arm Pride Sunday
to help reach particularly those with different abilities and
lgbtq youth who don't always have the same sort of access that maybe some of us in the big cities do so
it was a unique Pride for
sure but really special one for the way
for learning how to celebrate and
connect in the New World
how did Lions bring Lucifer and Multicultural marketing aim was founded three years ago
and we have been focusing on
lifting the barriers that exist
between marketers
and Motorcoach on inclusive consumers
during that the marketing
evolve and delivers better results for both consumers
and for marketers so we were putting diverse cast
in whitewash situations
and that's where the market
thought was the
threshold for bringing all consumers and inspiring them together behind the intent of a brand
and what we discovered was that
obviously diversity
is rewarded
but what really goes to the maximum level of cultural relevancy
is when consumers
feel that the word depicted
in the richness
in the authentic and genuine richness of
their truth the true colors
and when that happens
the magic for the brand really starts
so it's not it's not at marginal left
it sit
Stripling the potential
outcome of
sales for brand
I think as a business is okay to say we want some
short wins or quick
wins but we're committed to this being a part of
you going to eat those of our organizations for years and decades to come like there's nothing wrong with saying that we were going to figure out what that looks like but that is our true commitment
and is starting there is a really important.
stop because we understand how long it can take sometimes when we're literally talking about shifting systemic multi-generational
traumas and problems and disparities that I have happened it's not going to be solved by Friday right and it's not going to be
solved may not even be solved in our lifetime but I do want to see a commitment
that every single year year-over-year the resources the dollars the conversation the activity is is fully ingrained into
I'm the business models the business plans to keep you eyes because what we find is what we measure right
and what that looks like in totality across all sectors all
Industries all departments within a company
how does it spell out until your community
I'm in your activity and how you show up there
all of those things are a really important and so
that is that is where it where it starts and I think once we start having more of those really honest conversation
but that end and then those commitments
I'm bringing as many people to the table in order for that to be lived out in actual sizes and then the next
the natural Next Step
a lot of it for me is just been a
community building
and one of the things that we tried to that I was riveted last year
to try to figure out what to do and I literally
calling as many people as I could nonprofit look in the marketing and advertising space advertisers marketers
and I think you do bring people together write it at that may have not been brought together before so
you know one of the communities that we have brought together where the marketing
community and you're and you're like well
when I brought like 25 marketers together all Chief marketing officer is all of them Asian
American people like what like
I got all five of us right like there's there's like nobody
but it turned out there's like a lot of folks is. Just 25
and like when you bring 25 marketers together from different kinds of companies typically will say like
not everybody's going to agree what to do
but what everybody agreed to it just they
likes being together and the word that has evolved from Community with this word Fellowship
NOTE lang en